Please feel free to make pull/merge requests to this project!

Guidelines are pretty simple:

1. Make sure tests still pass! You should be able to install pytest and run
the `pytest` command. If pysodium is upset about libsodium not being installed,
you will have to install it separately.

2. Add new tests to cover any new functionality or bugfixes.

3. There is a DCO (Developer Certificate of Origin) policy. This just means
you need to read the DCO below and sign off on your commits by adding the
--signoff flag to your git commit command, or otherwise put a line in your
commit message like this:

"Signed-off-by: Your Name <your email>"

4. Issue a pull request in github. Ideally squash your commits and make sure
things are up to date with the master branch in advance.

5. Be helpful with any questions/concerns/discussion about your contribution.


Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

        By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

        (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
            have the right to submit it under the open source license
            indicated in the file; or

        (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
            of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
            license and I have the right under that license to submit that
            work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
            by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
            permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
            in the file; or

        (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
            person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
            it.

        (d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
            are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
            personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
            maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
            this project or the open source license(s) involved.